You don't need your brother to do it.
Bringing back the living is more useful than bringing back the dead
In case he runs off on the road
It's not a legacy.
There is no good business without taking risks
I thought you would help the third brother in the future
I didn't expect it to be a woman's opinion of me
Don't talk to your third sister-in-law like that
I think so too.
He has a point.
Your Highness, please quickly take the Bing Fu command arrow
Take control of the army
Expel the demons and ghosts
OK
Empress
Something bad
The monster has hit Shangjing
Where's my brother? Where's his army?
Not a monster
It was General Ji who came back from the secret rumor
The general was captured by the third prince and the fourth prince
Military power was also taken away
All sent back to the fine army
They were all sent to resist the monsters
It turned out that these two little beasts came back
I thought I had taken over the military
Can you really control the soldiers?
Too naive
This palace will go to the eldest prince now
I'd like to see it
Do these two little beasts dare to hum back?
Your uncle's arrest is minor
The emptiness of the Shangjing guards is a big deal
At that time, this palace will connect with the emperor and you.
And the people of the city
Are you going to be reduced to fish on the felt board?